# Medical-Clinic
## Hello. This is the backend of my application of a Medical Clinic. The Frontend written in Vaadin is located at https://github.com/PiotrJanczak86/Medical-Clinic-Front-end. Unfortunately the app isn't working. There is a problem with saving some objects to the database. Despite countless hours of trying various approaches, I still have no idea why is that happening. Anyway, there are two external APIs used, with data stored in the database and scheduler used to store new data every 24h. (that is because one of them has 10 requests per day limit. There are observer and builder pattern used in the app. There was supposed to be much more funcionalities added on the front end but the time spend on trying to fix the bugs made that impossible to do. There is a registration form for three types of users, login screen, 3 restricted views with panels for Patient/Doctor/Admin (all located at the top of the view). Doctor can assign day and time frame for his working hours, the patient was supposed to be able to make an appointment but unfortunately something is not working with saving that object. Frontend is sending requests to the endpoints by using rest template. Despite the poor form at which this project is atm, I feel that it gave me a lot of experience, actually. If I were to do it again I would do it step by step rather than starting with a lot of unfinished funcionalities at once. Oh well. New experience is probably most important thing to gain here anyway. Thank you for reading. Kind regards. 

